This is fantastic! 

Now to implement another page with some really helpful user stuff.

So the hope with this app is to be able to create a sort of "Zero-based" budgeting app like environment where users need to setup rules to classify transactions in to track/plan where money is to go.

So with that, what I would like to do is add two more pages to this app. One will be "setup/config" and the other "Dashboard" with the current page developed being "All info"

On the "setup/config" page, I would like users to be able to setup multi-filter rules using a variety of filterable options (also would like to setup a filters model that allows users to write their own filters if needed) 
These rules are made of filters. The rules are what dictate what transactions go into what "Bucket". A "Bucket" is a user-defined grouping of transactions (Think "car savings", "food expenses", etc).


List of filterable variables:
1) Time Based:
	a) Day of week
	b) Week of month
	c) Month of year
	d) Transaction Time

2) Org Based:
	a) Org Name

3) Account Based:
	a) Account Name

4) Payee Based:
	a) Payee Name

5) Description Based: 
	a) Description Text

6) Amount Based:
	a) Amount Transacted

7) Balance Based:
	a) Balance Before transaction
	b) Balance After transaction



Then within these filterable variables, I would like users to be able to choose how the variables are used to filter. 
For example: 
date related fields should be filterable within a time range, before/after specific time, set specific time (probably not useful but should add anyways)
String related fields should be filterabled with an exact match, 'contains' match, 'does not contain' match, 'starts with' match, 'ends with' match, 'regex' match
Money related fields (both balance and amount) should be filterable with exact match, within range, greater/less than, (abs value modifier to each of these)

And again to repeat, I would like users to be able to chain these filters together with standard logic gates, "And" "OR" "XOR" etc and be able to group filters together like: "(filter1 OR filter2) AND (filter3 OR filter4)"

Users should be able to name each filter as well as be able to name each rule. We should keep a bank of filters/rules for ease of copying/chaining with other buckets. 

There should also be a priority system for buckets/rules. There should also be "active" or "inactive" for rules in each bucket. Users should be able to create/delete buckets as needed.





The Dashboard page should include a quick summary of each Account (like the all info page currently does), then should list each bucket, and each transaction within each bucket (with the list of transactions folded by default but openable as needed)
